= commission_junction

Ruby wrapper for the Commission Junction web services APIs (REST)

== Installation

  sudo gem install commission_junction

== Example

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'commission_junction'

 # See https://api.cj.com/sign_up.cj
 DEVELOPER_KEY = '????????'

 # See cj.com > Account > Web site Settings > PID
 WEBSITE_ID = '????????'

 cj = CommissionJunction.new(DEVELOPER_KEY, WEBSITE_ID)

 # See http://help.cj.com/en/web_services/product_catalog_search_service_rest.htm
 # for the list of request and response parameters.
 cj.product_search('keywords' => '+blue +jeans',
                   'advertiser-ids' => 'joined',
                   'serviceable-area' => 'us',
                   'currency' => 'usd',
                   'records-per-page' => '5').each do |product|
   puts product.name
   puts product.price
   puts product.image_url
   puts ''
 end

 # See http://help.cj.com/en/web_services/advertiser_lookup_service_rest.htm
 # for the list of request and response parameters.
 cj.advertiser_lookup('keywords' => '+used +books',
                      'advertiser-ids' => 'joined',
                      'records-per-page' => '5').each do |advertiser|
   puts advertiser.advertiser_name
   puts advertiser.network_rank
   puts advertiser.program_url
   puts ''
 end

 # See http://help.cj.com/en/web_services/support_services_rest.htm
 # for the list of request and response parameters.
 puts cj.categories

 # See http://help.cj.com/en/web_services/Commission_Detail_Service.htm
 # for the list of request and response parameters.
 cj.commissions.each do |commission|
   puts commission.action_type
   puts commission.aid
   puts commission.commission_id
   puts commission.event_date
   puts commission.advertiser_name
   puts commission.commission_amount
   puts commission.sid
   puts ''
 end

== Dependencies

* httparty
* crack

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit. Do not mess with Rakefile or history (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull).
* Send me a pull request.

== Contributors

* {C.J. Sanders}[https://github.com/cjsanders]
* {Michael Nutt}[https://github.com/mnutt]
* {Jean-Sebastien Boulanger}[https://github.com/jsboulanger]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Albert Vernon. See LICENSE for details.
